Secure element (#447)
foundriesio/docs: source/reference-manual/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.rst

    rm /var/sota/sql.db

4. Then perform the registration again.

NXP SE05X Secure Element and PKCS#11 Trusted Application
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

There are two memory limits to be aware of: the Secure Element's non-volatile
memory and the built-time configurable PKCS#11 Trusted Application (TA) heap
size.

When RSA and EC keys are created using the TA, a request is sent to the Secure

> Element for the creation of those keys. On success, a key has been created in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Element for the creation of those keys. On success, a key is created in the
```

Secure Element non volatile memory; the public key is then read back from the

> SE to the TA persistent storage while only a handle to the private key in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SE to the TA persistent storage —only a handle to the private key in the
```

Secure Element is provided and stored by the TA.

During that creation process the TA also keeps a copy of the key on its heap.

This means that a system that chooses to create all of its keys during boot
might run out of heap before running out of storage in the secure element.

> To avoid this issue, OP-TEE should be configured with a CFG_PKCS11_TA_HEAP_SIZE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid this issue, OP-TEE should be configured with ``CFG_PKCS11_TA_HEAP_SIZE``
```

large enough that it allows the client to fill the SE NVM before an out of
memory condition is raised by the TA (which would cause a secure world panic).

> An experimental way to validate the thresholds is simply to loop on RSA or EC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An experimental way to validate the thresholds is to loop on RSA or EC
```

key creation until it fails: if there is a panic or a PKCS#11 OOM fault,

> CFG_PKCS11_TA_HEAP_SIZE can be increased as there is still room in the SE NVM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``CFG_PKCS11_TA_HEAP_SIZE`` can then be increased as there is still room in the SE NVM
```

> to store more of those keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to store more keys.
```
